ty kx, I will be explaining edu.ai operational plan.
our service center is located in suntech@penang cybercity.
it is essential to provide customer services and also acts a business
operational location.
We have 2 teams of executives which are customer services team and
development & technical team.

our customer services team is responsible to
- listen and attend our customer's issue or request
- resolve customer's issue
- provide deliberate explanation to customer

as for our development & technical team, they are responsible in
- develop new product
- maintain the system of existing product
- attend to customer's technical issue
- resolve any cyber security attack as well

Edu.ai has a website, it is owned and developed by our company, the hosting of website is done by Exabytes Network sdn bhd which is company that specialize in web hosting and its service center is located in penang


edua.i's business background and ideas are originated from Malaysia's covid-19 situation that causes e-learning phenomena. 
We seek this situation as an opportunity to create technology that can improve education experience.
edu.ai has b2c or business-to-consumer business model, we sell product or services to consumer such as education organization, for example, smjk Jit Sin, usm or even ministry of education.


Next, we analysed our marketplace and there are 3 factor supporting this marketplace.
First, the emergence of AI-enabled e-learning solutions which helps in the development of a smarter e-learning system.
Second, the closure of public and private schools due to the need for social distancing.
Last, the huge advancement in various technological fields such as Cloud Computer and Virtual Reality.


edu.ai has 2 competitive edge.
we develop application with ai technology, we will continue research and develop new product or technology compared to the others company that serve for sustainability only.
besides that, we also analyse our competitor's product prices as we try to deal an affordable price, so that everyone can enjoy our product and services


edu.ai's next step is to develop a new product besides than eddie, because eddie is useful but only in virtual class scenario. 
secondly is to sign a partnership with an organization so that we can develop new product that more grand and also has a much more stable income.
lastly, if we have any extra fund, we will be looking forward to advertise our product and company.